[4777][ADD] auth_oauth_force_oauth (#60)
qrtl/thc-oca: auth_oauth_enforced/readme/CONFIGURE.md

> 1. Navigate to Settings → Companies → Update Info to open your company's form view.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Navigate to *Settings > Users & Companies > Companies*.
```

2. In the General Information tab, locate the field Force OAuth Domains.

> 3. Enter the domain names you want to block for email-based login IDs. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Enter the domain names you wish to block for password-based login, i.e., users with
   a login that matches the domains listed here will not be able to log in with a password.
```
